Add FXIOS-9150 [New Close Button] documentation (#20591)
mozilla-mobile/firefox-ios: BrowserKit/Sources/ComponentLibrary/Documentation.docc/General Components/CloseButton.md

# ``ComponentLibrary/CloseButton``

> The button which is used for closing a window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The button which is used for closing a view, such as a bottom sheet, when the user taps on the button.
```

## Overview

> The `CloseButton` is a subclass of the `UIButton`. This means properties of the `UIButton` are accessible, but for easy conveniance it's recommended to configure the button title, font and accessibility identifier through it's' view model ``CloseButtonViewModel``. The button size shouldn't be adjusted and should be used as is.

Author: Thanks for correcting the spelling mistake.
